update: update IDE support message (#3162)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/kotlin-ide.md

[//]: # (title: IDEs for Kotlin development)
[//]: # (description: JetBrains provides Kotlin plugin support for IntelliJ IDEA and Android Studio.)

JetBrains provides the official Kotlin plugin for two Integrated Development Environments (IDEs): [IntelliJ IDEA](#intellij-idea) and [Android Studio](#android-studio).

> Other IDEs and source editors, such as Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Atom, have Kotlin community-supported plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other IDEs and source editors, such as Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, and Atom, have Kotlin community-supported plugins.
```

> Other IDEs and source editors, such as Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Atom, have Kotlin community-supported plugins in marketplaces.

Reviewer 2: Same here. Let's drop "in marketplaces".

Read more about Android Studio in the [official documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/intro).

## Compatibility with the Kotlin language versions

For IntelliJ IDEA and Android Studio the Kotlin plugin is bundled with each IDE release.
When the new Kotlin version is released, these IDEs will suggest updating Kotlin to the latest version automatically.
See the latest supported language version for each IDE in [Kotlin releases](releases.md#ide-support)

## Other IDEs support

JetBrains doesn't provide the Kotlin plugin for other IDEs.

> However, some of other IDEs and source editors, such as Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Atom, have own Kotlin plugins which developed by Kotlin community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some of the other IDEs and source editors, such as Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, and Atom, have their own Kotlin plugins developed by the Kotlin community.
```

> You can use any text editor to write the Kotlin code, but without IDE related features: code formatting, debugging tools, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any text editor to write the Kotlin code, but without IDE-related features: code formatting, debugging tools, and so on.
```
